# DriverPass
System Analysis and Design, project documents for the DriverPass System
The DriverPass system was to be designed as an online driving lesson booking system, allowing a customer to browse and book various driving lessons with the company. We needed to create a system that would allow actors such as admins to fill in as support and create thier own bookings for over-the-phone customers as well as allowing instructors to create and set up courses and their associated schedules. For third-party interactions, the site would also present updated information from the DMV as well as relying upon a third-party vendor for handling payment processes when booking appointments. I feel I did particularrly well in outlining the business requirements of the system, defining the needs of the client as well as outlining the limitations of the system based on typical expectations of technology. I would like to go back and add more detail to the class diagrams and other UML diagrams that were created representing the system in order to more reliably reflect the requirements of the system. For general user needs, we didn't work with the requirements that were provided for the UI very much, although the requirements of the UI were handled indirectly through the definition of what data was needed and how it would be used. Instead we focused on how the system would respond to user interaction without worrying about the 'face' of what the final product would look like. Using the UI as a guidline as well as the interview document for what the client actually needed the system to do, our efforts could be focused in creating a system that would be useful and efficient for the client, and hopefully contains enough thoughtful design to allow for future expansion when required. In following up with actual software design and analysis of the system, the first thing I would aim to do would be to fill in the rest of the gaps in the processes that were defined, moving toward deeper refinement in defining how the processes actually function without simplifying the process to a verb. When that can be done and we can create a thourough object diagram of the system, we can code the software.
